# Part 1

# 1. I think my favorite website is Tumblr.com. I love the infinite scrolling and I think the way that you can interact with user's posts are convenient. You can comment on a post, like it, share it on your blog, and uniquely you can "tag" a post as something, which, in the site's culture, acts as a comment that only works on your individual reblog.
# 2. TvTropes.com is also a good website. I love websites that act as nformation repositories, and tvtropes is the best example of that. I mostly like how every page is tagged as something, and that you can click on that tag on a page and discover many similar pages. To me, this leads to a sense of discoverability that makes me able to waste time on the site for hours.
# 3. Google Docs has been the backbone of my academic career. I think it is a minimalist version of microsoft words that is perfectly serviceable. It has great usability and I think even someone less familiar with computers would be able to use the word processor effectively.
# 4. Moodle is actually a really effective site for work assignments. The main benefit of the site, I feel, is the calendar system, which provides an at-a-glance look at our upcoming schedule. I've noticed that it tends to have a lot less clutter compared to other online calendars, which is something that I think is pretty important.
# 5. Finally, a site I use often is Spotify. I tried to pick more interesting social medias and such to describe, but I think you know the deal with Spotify. I have personally found that the reccomendation algorithm very accurate to my tastes, and I think that any site that can find me new music is a good site. I also like how it can "queue" music, so even if you internet is down for a minute, you can listen to songs uninterrupted.

# Part 2

# 1. https://www.tumblr.com/ - I like the way users can interact with other users' content, but I think the site is buggy and has a terrible video player. The two options are sound or no sound, with no volume slider and no way to download videos.
# 2. https://tvtropes.org/ - Genuinely I think I do not have any ways I Would improve the site. I love the random media/random trope button I love user-generated content and I love the sorting system. I guess I wished there was a "If you like (media) then you may like (media) but that isn't something everyone would use.
# 3. https://docs.google.com/document/u/0/ - I do really wish google docs had a better sorting system for previously written files. Alphabetical and date modified are alright, but I'd like to be able to "pin" documents to the top, the way you can in file explorer. The way it stores offline writing and updates the document later when you have a connection is brilliant, though.
# 4. https://moodle.linnbenton.edu/my/ - I like moodle but only because the other websites I've used for college sucked so bad. Moodle is functional, and that's all I need. I really with there were an emphasis on daily activity on Moodle, so that you didn't just see what homework was due, but everything that was reccommended for that week.
# 5. https://open.spotify.com/? - Spotify is a really good website. I love music players and spotify is among the best. However, I think that it is really slow to load and if you have even a slightly bad internet connection the site does not load. There's gotta be a better way to load your site than that.